Mention dependency files update for Gradle (#10041)
github/docs: data/reusables/dependabot/supported-package-managers.md

Terraform      | `terraform`      | >= 0.13, <= 1.0  | **✓** | **✓** | |
yarn           | `npm`            | v1               | **✓** | **✓** | |

> [1] {% data variables.product.prodname_dependabot %} doesn't run Gradle but supports updates to the following files: `build.gradle`, `build.gradle.kts` (for Kotlin projects) and files included via the `apply` declaration that have `dependencies` in the filename.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[1] {% data variables.product.prodname_dependabot %} doesn't run Gradle but supports updates to the following files: `build.gradle`, `build.gradle.kts` (for Kotlin projects) and files included via the `apply` declaration that have `dependencies` in the filename. Note that `apply` does not support `apply to`, recursion, or advanced syntaxes (e.g. Kotlin's `apply` with `mapOf`, filenames defined by property).
```

Reviewer: Adding caveats in https://github.com/dependabot/dependabot-core/pull/4155#issuecomment-918500360

> [1] {% data variables.product.prodname_dependabot %} doesn't run Gradle but supports updates to the following files: `build.gradle`, `build.gradle.kts` (for Kotlin projects) and files included via the `apply` declaration that have `dependencies` in the filename. Note that `apply` does not support `apply to`, recursion, or advanced syntaxes (e.g. Kotlin's `apply` with `mapOf`, filenames defined by property).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[1] {% data variables.product.prodname_dependabot %} doesn't run Gradle but supports updates to the following files: `build.gradle`, `build.gradle.kts` (for Kotlin projects), and files included via the `apply` declaration that have `dependencies` in the filename. Note that `apply` does not support `apply to`, recursion, or advanced syntaxes (for example, Kotlin's `apply` with `mapOf`, filenames defined by property).
```

Just some small changes based on the GitHub docs style guide ⚡
